readme.md, before:

# Prerequisites
1) [Install Choco](https://chocolatey.org/install)
2) `choco install mingw`
3) Ensure mingw is added to system path
4) `choco install cmake.install --installargs '"ADD_CMAKE_TO_PATH=System"'`
5) Ensure cmake is added system path
6) [Install Conan](https://conan.io/)
7) Generate Conan profile `conan profile new default --detect`
8) Verify compiler version in Canon profile (`~/.conan/profiles/`)
9) In Conan profile, ensure `compiler.libcxx=libstdc++11`
10) `cd cmake-build-debug`
11) `conan install .. --build=missing`
    * **Note:** If this step throws errors, try deleting everything in `~/.conan/data/` folder and run again.

# Notes
## Reinstalling packages
Sometimes packages need to be reinstalled when switching between machines. Try this if the IDE cannot find files or there are build errors:
1) Clear cache: `conan remove '*' -s -b -f`
2) Remove packages: `conan remove '*'`
3) Navigate to build folder: `cd cmake-build-debug`
4) Install packages: `conan install .. --build=missing`

## Float data type
This implementation uses the `boost` endian library, which does not yet include load and store functions for `float` types. All values that should be floats are read in as `int32` and reinterpreted as floats.

## Not Implemented
The following features are not yet implemented:

### Get/Set Messages
* **NetworkInfo**
  * `Set`
  * `Get` with `LimitedResponse = 1`parameter.
* **TrajectoryData**
* **SlaveInfo**

### Action Messages
* **StartPlayback**
* **StopPlayback**
* **RapidToFirstKeyFrame**
* **TakePicture**
* **SetupPlayback**


# References
1) https://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg21/docs/papers/2018/p1204r0.html#tests-unit
2) https://medium.com/swlh/cpm-an-awesome-dependency-manager-for-c-with-cmake-3c53f4376766
3) https://blog.jetbrains.com/clion/2019/05/getting-started-with-the-conan-clion-plugin/
4) https://support.kesslercrane.com/hc/en-us/articles/210577103-HOW-TO-CineDrive-API-Instructions
5) https://gist.github.com/vladon/8b487e41cb3b49e172db

Commit message:

Implement exception for unexpected MotorInfo and MotorCalibrated responses

readme.md, after:

# Prerequisites
1) [Install Choco](https://chocolatey.org/install)
2) `choco install mingw`
3) Ensure mingw is added to system path
4) `choco install cmake.install --installargs '"ADD_CMAKE_TO_PATH=System"'`
5) Ensure cmake is added system path
6) [Install Conan](https://conan.io/)
7) Generate Conan profile `conan profile new default --detect`
8) Verify compiler version in Canon profile (`~/.conan/profiles/`)
9) In Conan profile, ensure `compiler.libcxx=libstdc++11`
10) `cd cmake-build-debug`
11) `conan install .. --build=missing`
    * **Note:** If this step throws errors, try deleting everything in `~/.conan/data/` folder and run again.

# Notes
## Reinstalling packages
Sometimes packages need to be reinstalled when switching between machines. Try this if the IDE cannot find files or there are build errors:
1) Clear cache: `conan remove '*' -s -b -f`
2) Remove packages: `conan remove '*'`
3) Navigate to build folder: `cd cmake-build-debug`
4) Install packages: `conan install .. --build=missing`

## Float data type
This implementation uses the `boost` endian library, which does not yet include load and store functions for `float` types. All values that should be floats are read in as `int32` and reinterpreted as floats.

## Not Implemented
The following features are not yet implemented:

### Get/Set Messages
* **NetworkInfo**
  * `Set`
  * `Get` with `LimitedResponse = 1`parameter.
* **TrajectoryData**
* **SlaveInfo**

### Action Messages
* **StartPlayback**
* **StopPlayback**
* **RapidToFirstKeyFrame**
* **TakePicture**
* **SetupPlayback**

## Known Issues
1) The documentation implies each `MotorInfo` response and `MotorCalibrated` response should have 28 and 12 bytes, respectively. However, these responses have 32 and 16 bytes when running firmware `1.0.1.5`. If these messages are longer than expected, this program assumes a phantom `startPosition` float is sent before the `endPosition` float. An `UnexpectedLengthException` will be thrown.
2) When it has the incorrect length, the `MotorCalibrated` response for Motor 1 returns `endPosition = 0`. `MotorCalibrated` responses for other motors work as expected. Use `MotorInfo` to receive the correct `endPosition`.


# References
1) https://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg21/docs/papers/2018/p1204r0.html#tests-unit
2) https://medium.com/swlh/cpm-an-awesome-dependency-manager-for-c-with-cmake-3c53f4376766
3) https://blog.jetbrains.com/clion/2019/05/getting-started-with-the-conan-clion-plugin/
4) https://support.kesslercrane.com/hc/en-us/articles/210577103-HOW-TO-CineDrive-API-Instructions
5) https://gist.github.com/vladon/8b487e41cb3b49e172db
